The game is in a very basic state right now. We have the scaffolding up but none of the mechanisms really work correctly. Let's go through this and try to fix each thing. I want this to be a really high-quality game

1. The system of inheritance when a ruler dies is not functioning correctly right now. And when the character dies that you are playing as, you immediately start playing as a character who is first in line for succession (the heir). That's who will display at the top, and that will be identified as yourself. That person inherits all the titles (depending on the succession rules) the previous character owned. 

Also, the succession does not seem to update correctly. I'm going to explain what I'm seeing right now and why it is incorrect: when playing as a character all your children are put into the line of succession, that is good until the firstborn child (who is the heir) has children. HIS children should be placed before his siblings in the line of succession. It is just not happening right now and kind of breaks the game. Please thoroughly understand primogeniture (the default succession rules) and implement that into the game.

2. It seems to me that there are no other titles in the game besides the player’s. For example, none of the other characters have any titles like duke, count, etc.  This is the whole purpose of the game, to try to inherit other peoples titles, and prevent others from inheriting your titles. All characters should have a royal house that they belong to. There should be other titles/holdings in the game that get passed down to heirs and can change hands around due to marriages in succession. Additionally these titles should have different ranks. There should be one at the top for kings (maybe one king for each ethnic group type, e.g. Anglo-Saxon, etc.), there should be Dukes, counts, and mayors below them in a nesting feudal structure. From each persons info character page, you should be able to see who they are liege is and who their vassals are. The rank should also affect the likelihood of the computer players excepting/denying marriage proposals. Higher ranking nobility obviously wants to marry into higher ranking ability. Lower ranking mobility will be more excepting of anyone. Obviously marrying someone with any titles is preferred.  3. The family tree page gets very crowded when the characters have so many children, please make the max number of children any person can have is five. Additionally I should be able to see other characters family trees from their Info page.   4. The character portraits are still occasionally very broken looking. The problem comes down to the order of layers for the different features of the character. The main problem is usually with women, their hair is placed in front of their face or in front of their clothes, when it should be behind. Please look into the order of layers for the character portraits and make sure they are correct and looking good.

5. One more small fix, on the court and nobles tab I cannot scroll down, I can only see the top people. Please make it so that I can scroll to view all the characters. Additionally on this page I would like a button at the top to sort people. I would like a button to see only kings, only Dukes, only counts, etc. I would also like a button to sort only people who are eligible for marriage.