Many features I told you about were not implemented successfully. First off, the characters are still appearing black and Middle Eastern. Please make sure their skin tone is very light. Second, the family tree is still always collapsed when I switch off that tab in back to it. It does not retain its expanded status of what it was. Third, I can't click on people from the family tree to get to the character page like I asked you. Fourth, all of my immediate family including spouse and children should default be in my court. I shouldn't have to ask him to join. Fifth, with the option to grant title, it should ask you what title you want to give. If you only have one title, you cannot give it away to someone. Six it looks like you didn't even attempt to fix the Family Tree appearance at all. It still looks the exact same, ugly. The lines do not line up with the characters and I am also not able to scroll around to view it. It is in a locked view meaning when the tree gets too large, you can't see any more of it. Please fix this. Additionally when viewing other characters pages, there should be an option to view their family tree. All the characters in that tree should also be clickable to access that person's page. Seventh, I would like the space button to pause/play the time in the game. Random events should automatically pause the time until you make a decision, at which point it should automatically resume. Eighth, once people have 5 kids, can you please reduce the chances of them having any more. It just makes the family tree way too crowded. Ninth, on the court in nobles page, I am unable to scroll down to see the full list of nobles. There's no scroll option, and so I can only see the top. Please change this. Finally, it does not look like you understand primogeniture correctly. I'm testing the game and the firstborn son had a child. For some reason his child does not even appear in the line of succession. The game currently, the line of succession only includes the rulers children, and other grandchildren. In male preference primogeniture, the grandchild of the firstborn would come before the second born child. Please fix this. For some reason right now, when the main character dies, they are still classified as the current ruler. When the character dies, the player immediately starts playing as their heir, who will inherit all the holdings and titles. 