This first level build is looking good but I have several changes I want to make. First, there needs to be an exit button to go back to the home screen. Second, all the other characters in the game I cannot see or interact with. Then it needs to be a tab to interact with non-dynastic characters. And on each characters page, there should be options to interact with them. These include things like proposing a marriage inviting to court, etc. For people who are currently living in your court, there should be options to give them various titles. Any proposal or option has to be approved by that person's Lord (whoever is in charge of the court there currently living at). They can decide yes or no on these proposals based on rank, prestige, and other factors. Third, this game takes place in medieval western Europe. I don't know why a lot of the characters are appearing black. They should be white. Later when will expand the game to include various other ethnicities like Turks or Berbers, we can include darker skin tones for people of that ethnicity. For now let's try to make the skin tones more accurate to the ethnicity. Fourth, I want character screens to be easily accessible. I want their names to be easily clicked on and it will bring them to their character window. For example when viewing the timeline screen, it list various characters doing different things. I want their names to be clickable, which will bring you to their character screen with their info, and options to interact with them. Same for the family tree view. I want the characters to be clickable which will bring you to their character page. Fifth, the family tree view is a little jank. There are options to expand and collapse, which is good, but as soon as I leave the family tree view and go back to it, everything is immediately collapsed again. I want the game to remember what I had expanded and what I had closed, so that when I go back to the family tree view the same things that are expanded will be expanded again. Can you also try to clean up this view you a little bit. Reference to the attached screenshot. The line coming down from the parents to children seems to extend way past the edge of where it should end (where the children are on the edge). It's hard to explain but look at the image, it looks really weird. Can you please make the family tree view look nicer. Six, in the starting screen, can we have a dice button on the side of the text input fields for the house and name. I feel like sometimes players might not know what they want to name it, so it would be helpful to have a randomize to name it for them. Please make the names accurate to the ethnicity that is selected at the bottom. For example if Anglo-Saxon is selected, please suggest Anglo-Saxon names.